Isn’t this really your husband? Yes,
Assume husband. When will you get married?
Why didn't I know? I made bubble circles.
I've been too busy recently,
I didn't even look at bubble circles. My husband looks really good.
I fell asleep.
Well, let me introduce it to you. This is the best thing about my university.
Square courtyard. Hello.
Hello hello, I am Fangyuanyuan. I call me grandson.
Well, have you eaten? No,
Let's have a meal together. Okay? Is this good?
After eating, I'll pay the bill. You eat some fruit,
Eaten.
Don't go, I'll do it this time
How can that be done?
As a playing field for a man
How can I let you pay the bill?
Da Lei’s money
This is money for wandering around the world
When I had a job before
Lend out a lot
Now we can only rely on collection to make a living.
Where is your wallet?
Just let me use it
If you didn't get in, I'd better guarantee your show rate.
A common term is similar to 187